
Dear admission officers,

As the founder and the technical leader of Sichuan Fangtsun Techonology Company, in which Mr. Hanzhang Chen is currently working, I'm very glad to write this ecommendation letter for him.

Fangtsun is a start-up company in Chengdu, China, focusing on console games development. Our current project is an adverture game named "Shadow Play: the Brocade City Mystery" which is planning to launch on XBox One and PlayStation 4 next year.

Mr. Hanzhang Chen joined our team as a game designer in March 2015. His work involves gameplay system designing, level designing and gameplay programming. In the past 4 months, he has done a great job creating valuables to the project and in many other aspects.

When he entered the project for the first time, he reviewed the existing gameplay system and made his suggestions with a really good insight. After that he rewrote the designing documents, because his work is much appreciated, it now becomes the foundation of our game today. Mr. Hanzhang Chen is not the one who only comes up with ideas, he also cares about details. He showed this quality when he was designing the concrete gameplay levels for the game. Because both the reproduction of the scenario details and the interactions with the players are crucial to user experience, sometimes it is difficult to balance them without trade-offs, in order to maximize user experience, Mr. Chen invested significant hours and hard works deliberating as many solutions as possible, trying to optimize how players should feel and get out of the gameplay in a specific second. 

Mr. Chen is also responsible for gameplay programming and making sure it meets product-level qualities. In this part, he showed excellent implementing skills and the fact that he is a fast learner. 

Noticeably, because of his deep understanding of computer programming, he becomes the bridge between the design and technology teams. He can use the both languages and communicates well with the team members with a wide range of deciplines. 

Recently, I heard that he had decided to continue his study in computer science in the University of Southern California. His leaving is surely a loss of creativity of our team, but I still appreciate his desire of pursuing the higher level. I firmly belive that he is competent to complete the study outstandingly, and your consideration of offering him the admission is highly appreciated.

Best Regards,

Keqiang Luo
Sichuan Fangtsun Technology Company, Ltd.
